So let's see how you can add variations to your brokes.
So for example if you're in the towers you can see we have little maybe we also have these brown green
being red yellow and of course if you want to add this style was it really come on that so mistaught
create one broke their color by.
You can use variations and only the variation with the color.
So we're going out right here and I'm going to click on any and the first color red you can see that
we have all the data at the moment we have simple.
So we're going to click here and it's going to be buried we're broke.
So from here you can see we have relations right.
So we're going to click here and there you can see before you add a variation you need to have some
variation attributes in that that would stop.
So it's up in these and from here you can click here you can see that we have anything.
And I'm going to add a new variation or a new attribute in this case I'm going to call this one color.
And for example you can see that we have the car is going to be blue maybe here we have the bad news
and it says and there are some things and some attributes and using that pipe to separate the bodies.
So we're going to have blue navy then we a bite.
Second one is brown then where the bite did when it's green bite.
And we have a big bite and then we have red and yellow red type in general.
And from here you use for variations and save they added it's.
So now you're going up in variations and you can add a variation.
You can go here and from here you can select the color.
So for example in this case I'm going to select blue navy and I'm going to click on this triangle here
and you can see we've had these.
I can see it here.
And whether it be cabernet be applauded.
All right.
And actually he did and said that bearable too much.
And I'm going to collapse these.
You can see we have out variation number 19.
Blue navy.
That's nice.
So we're going to create another one.
So go and it's going to be brown clicking on the triangle.
And click here.
And we're going to upload all of these images.
So this one is brown.
You can see.
And now that the image is how to apply it I'm going to ask you match.
So and then I collapse these what can I go back to these men in the next video.
So now we have brown in the Navy and you can click here and you can read these.
That's nice.
So what I'm going to either know that variation
go and then we have green on the triangle and said we need much collapses and not another one.
This case is going to be pink triangle because from the match being and we're going to have all the
colors and it's going to be right on the triangle and they can read.
And the last one is going to be yellow.
So now you can see we have all the variations.
Now you can click on Save Changes and on the right you can see we have six variations.
You can expand these and you will see the variations.
So now you can update these and up and the was up and these broke would be a Brul
and you can see if we can color right here.
And you can select different colors.
So for example you can real maybe or you can select Brown or you can sell a being and you can set a
green green and you can see that the match has a change in.
So instead of having a bunch of brokes call it the same you can use variations in your can that sizes
colors and other attributes.
And this is the way that you handle these combers.
So in the next video we're going to continue getting familiar with these variations.